docs: add guide for using native CSS animations (#60984)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/animations/migration.md

    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.html" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.html" />
    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.css" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.css" />
</docs-code-multifile>

## Migrating usages of AnimationPlayer

The `AnimationPlayer` class allows access to an animation to do more advanced things like pause, play, restart, and finish an animation through code. All of these things can be handled natively as well.

You can retrieve animations off an element directly using [`Element.getAnimations()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAnimations). This will return an array of every [`Animation`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Animation) on that element. You can use the `Animation` api to do much more than you could with what the `AnimationPlayer` from the animations package offered. From here you can `cancel()`, `play()`, `pause()`, `reverse()` and much more. This native API should provide everything you need to control your animations.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should also add an example of animating between `height: 0` and `height: auto`. It's quite common and easy to do now with CSS grid: https://css-tricks.com/css-grid-can-do-auto-height-transitions/. Here's also the PR on Material that converts the accordion from the animations module to native CSS: https://github.com/angular/components/pull/30119

Author: Someone else was asking for that earlier up. So definitely worth adding. I'll do that.

Reviewer 2: @crisbeto is right that CSS grid may by better option as support for it is better than [calc-size](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/calc-size) which also allow animating to `auto`. 
It is worth mentioning that possibility as well.

Author: I've added a section on this with a live example.

## Complex Sequences

The animations package has built in functionality for creating complex sequences. These sequences are all entirely possible without the animations package. Let's take a look at the available functions and how to handle them with native CSS.

### Targeting specific elements

In the animations package you could target specific elements by using the `query()` function to find specific elements by a classname, similar to something like [`document.querySelector()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/querySelector). This is unnecessary in a native CSS animation world. Instead, you can use your CSS selectors to target sub-classes and apply any `transform` or `animation` css there.

If you would like to toggle classes for child nodes within a template, you can use signals and either class or style bindings to add the animations at the right points.

### Stagger()

> The `stagger()` function allowed you to delay the animation of each item in a list of items by a specified time to create a cascade effect. This behavior is entirely possible to do with native CSS by utilizing `animation-delay` or `transition-delay`. Here is an example of what that CSS might look like.

Author: This suggestion has been applied.

    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.html" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/animations-package/reorder.component.html" />
    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.css" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/animations-package/reorder.component.css" />
</docs-code-multifile>

#### With Native CSS
<docs-code-multifile preview path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.ts">
    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.ts" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.ts" />
    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.html" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.html" />
    <docs-code header="src/app/reorder.component.css" path="adev/src/content/examples/animations/src/app/native-css/reorder.component.css" />
</docs-code-multifile>

## Migrating usages of AnimationPlayer

The `AnimationPlayer` class allows access to an animation to do more advanced things like pause, play, restart, and finish an animation through code. All of these things can be handled natively as well.

> You can retrieve animations off an element directly using [`Element.getAnimations()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAnimations). This will return an array of every [`Animation`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Animation) on that element. You can use the `Animation` api to do much more than you could with what the `AnimationPlayer` from the animations package offered. From here you can `cancel()`, `play()`, `pause()`, `reverse()` and much more. This native API should provide everything you need to control your animations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can retrieve animations off an element directly using [`Element.getAnimations()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAnimations). This returns an array of every [`Animation`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Animation) on that element. You can use the `Animation` API to do much more than you could with what the `AnimationPlayer` from the animations package offered. From here you can `cancel()`, `play()`, `pause()`, `reverse()` and much more. This native API should provide everything you need to control your animations.
```
